From www.rikeripsum.com 

Ensign Babyface! About four years. I got tired of
hearing how young I looked. That might've been one of the shortest
assignments in the history of Starfleet. When has justice ever been as
simple as a rule book? I'm afraid I still don't understand, sir.

In all trust, there is the possibility for betrayal. Some days you get
the bear, and some days the bear gets you. Maybe if we felt any human
loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would
be far less bloody.

Maybe we better talk out here; the observation lounge has turned into a
swamp. Our neural pathways have become accustomed to your sensory input
patterns. Flair is what marks the difference between artistry and mere
competence. Mr. Worf, you sound like a man who's asking his friend if he
can start dating his sister. Wouldn't that bring about chaos?

Then maybe you should consider this: if anything happens to them,
Starfleet is going to want a full investigation. What? We're not at all
alike! I guess it's better to be lucky than good. Yesterday I did not
know how to eat gagh. Captain, why are we out here chasing comets? Some
days you get the bear, and some days the bear gets you. I'll alert the
crew.

Computer, belay that order. Sure. You'd be surprised how far a hug goes
with Geordi, or Worf. I suggest you drop it, Mr. Data. Damage report!
Sorry, Data. When has justice ever been as simple as a rule book? You're
going to be an interesting companion, Mr. Data. Commander William Riker
of the Starship Enterprise.

The Enterprise computer system is controlled by three primary main
processor cores, cross-linked with a redundant melacortz ramistat,
fourteen kiloquad interface modules. I am your worst nightmare! The look
in your eyes, I recognize it. You used to have it for me. Earl Grey tea,
watercress sandwiches... and Bularian canap√©s? Are you up for promotion?
I'd like to think that I haven't changed those things, sir.

Talk about going nowhere fast. Well, that's certainly good to know. A
lot of things can change in twelve years, Admiral. Fate protects fools,
little children and ships named Enterprise. I've had twelve years to
think about it. And if I had it to do over again, I would have grabbed
the phaser and pointed it at you instead of them. Yes, absolutely, I do
indeed concur, wholeheartedly!

Mr. Worf, you do remember how to fire phasers? Your shields were
failing, sir. Smooth as an android's bottom, eh, Data? The unexpected is
our normal routine. Is it my imagination, or have tempers become a
little frayed on the ship lately? Your head is not an artifact! Maybe if
we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us,
human history would be far less bloody.

Now, how the hell do we defeat an enemy that knows us better than we
know ourselves? Wait a minute - you've been declared dead. You can't
give orders around here. And blowing into maximum warp speed, you
appeared for an instant to be in two places at once.
